This part of Salesforce platform is focused on providing support and help to the customers. This helps in retaining the customers, increasing their satisfaction and loyalty. Its uniqueness lies in providing faster service compared to traditional methods, giving individual attention to each customer needs and taking a proactive approach to customer issues. That ultimately enhances the customer’s experience hence loyalty which in turn creates a good impact on sales.

Following are the key business Goals achieved by using the Service Cloud −

Personalized Service − Give each customer a good service experience based on their unique problems and history of purchases and complaints.

Always-on Service − Make the service available 24/7

Multi-channel support − Meet the customers on their preferred channels like mobile, phone, chat etc.

Faster support − Managing various service needs from a single console helps in delivering support services faster.

Key Features of Service Cloud
In this section, we will discuss the key features of Service Cloud. These features help in accomplishing the business goals mentioned above. The features are described below −

Console for Service
It is a unified platform for managing all cases assigned to an agent so that it can help in prioritizing the tasks at hand. This also helps give personalized experience to the customer of each case.

Knowledge base
Customer interactions and resolutions are captured and organized into a knowledgebase. This helps in faster issue resolution.

Social Customer Service
As more and more customers connect with the organization through social media, this feature helps deliver service on the social media platform itself without asking the customer to visit separate web pages for interaction.

Live Agent
This feature provides real-time online help with its unique chat service.

Mobile Platform
Salesforce1 platform is the mobile platform to manage customer service from any device and any place.

Service Cloud Communities
It allows customers to help themselves by helping each other. Many tools are available for self service on various trouble shooting requirements.
